I think we all agree that somehow it is so easy for us to play a mobile game than a quantum physics textbook. In the field of chemistry known as chemical kinetics, the concept of this notion of how energy will be. It is about energy, which lends itself to whether the chemical activity takes place successfully or not. I pay attention to the structure that our brains to structure.

Okay, but what does it have to do with remembering?

When talking about remembering things, one cannot fail to mention the topic of habit. After all, what is a habit from the perspective of our brain? To put it simply, a habit can be called a strengthened neural connection. But what does it mean to us? The stronger the connection, the less activation energy is required. The puzzles start to fall into place

Dosing of energy

Well, we already know that if we do something more often, it is easier and less tiring for us. But why don't we all learn at a dizzying pace if it's only chemistry? The problem often lies in our implementation of this idea. On the Internet, the term "Virtual Garden" appears as a page / file containing notes of a given person from all fields. It is such a database. Most of the people I talk to are very surprised about the first name because what does our brain have to do with a garden? a gardener who takes water in a watering can goes to the plant and starts to tilt the watering can, but not enough to water the plant, and goes away to rest. , without categorically determining when it will happen next.



Well, we stop wasting energy and that's it?

Oh no. Let us come back for a moment for the allegory of the garden. You have to take care of the garden and perform maintenance work from time to time. The same principle applies to strengthened neural connections. There are many mnemonics out there, the use of which allows you to maintain a solid state of knowledge in a given field for years, devoting very little time to recalling each year. But you know, you have to be good at planning, be strict with yourself, and it takes a lot of effort, right?

This is where technology comes into play.

We reach for the game, casually in our free time, it is only a few clicks, a clog of the moment. A skilled programmer will prepare a number of mechanisms that will, in a way, cram our knowledge painlessly and without much effort. Moreover, this effort will be fun for us.

